[Version Bump] 2.44.0 (#4955)
DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## [Release 2.43.0](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet/releases/tag/v2.43.0)

## Summary

- [Tracing] Add support for WCF Web HTTP
- [Tracing] Add support for Npgqsl v8.0.0 and ServiceStack.Redis v8.0.0

> - [Serverless] Remove fixed 100ms shutdown latency in AWS Lambda when calling external services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Serverless] Remove up to 100ms latency in AWS Lambda when flushing traces

```
